What I should always do: figure out what I should do and do it.

There is some nuance to figuring out what you should do, addresable via an understanding of your
own goals, which clearly stated, are the following.

- Come to a greater understanding of the universe and world around you.

Neccessary attributes:

- Creativity
- Problem Solving Skills
- Luck

Subgoals:

- Not dying

Understanding this, you should come to address the topic of your thesis.

Possible reasons for the thesis

- As a neccessary part of graduation from university
- An opportunity to reflect on what you have accomplished
- An attempt to synthesize the lessons regarding what you have accomplished
- An opportunity to dig further into an issue and explore it in depth

Each object attained has an opportunity cost of another object. It follows
this that the primary goal listed above must be considered in a space of
possible approaches.

It is not impossible to know attributes of the physical world.

The most important part of doing what you aim to do is asking questions.

Ask questions not only about subjects, but about questions. Questions
are open-ended as a substance and therefore completely free.

You want to control your time, and use it in the most optimal way possible
to accomplish tasks of learning more and more about the world.

The most surefire way to learn more is by being challenged. Focus on how
you can make the things you do into a challenge.

Is fighting boredom a challenge? No? Yes?

Very few moments can be dedicated to the thought of this grandiose structure
we call existence, but we must not forget the complexity of it all as a
guiding structure in our pursuit of truth. 

Perhaps it is useful to keep a log of daily notes, organized by date that
includes thoughts on each day, but I hate to keep seperate files, thus
I will keep this single file.

First, consider that we need to pull the pdfs from the wm site, and then
OCR the new ones. We can do this using our list of 2018, 2016, 2017 pdfs.
then, we extract the address from each, and origin. Correlate with
bluetana. Get number of stations hinted. Get false positive rate for each
flagging category. THere is no difficulty in life, only ignorance.